Remember: you are enough.
You matter. You are important. You are loved.
We fall. We break. We fail. But then - We rise. We heal. We overcome.
You are more than your struggles.
All you need to do today is put one foot in front of the other. And that is enough.
Take it one day at a time and, at the end of each day, be proud of your progress.
When you feel you can't go on, remember to breathe your way through that moment. And the next moment. And every moment after that. Focus on your breathing and you won't notice that you've started to breathe easier.
There are people who love you and want to help you. Reach out to them and they will surprise you.
You are someone's reason to smile.
Worrying about tomorrow doesn't help tomorrow, it only takes the joy out of today.
Struggling does not diminish your worth: it increases your value by giving you strength, empathy, and understanding.
To be human is to struggle: to deny your struggles is to deny your humanity.
Embrace your struggles as an athlete embraces weight training: they make you stronger.
Struggling does not mean you're weak: it means you are a human being living in the real world. Embrace your humanity and know that all of share that sense of humanity.
When times are tough, reach out to someone. Sharing your struggles will lift some weight off your shoulders.
It is okay to not be okay.
Have patience with yourself. You wouldn't expect yourself to run with a broken leg: the same is true of your mind. During hard times, you must rest and take care of yourself so you can heal.
Have patience with yourself. What would you say to a loved one going through the same thing? You also deserve that kind of support – say it to yourself.
The world needs you: you have a purpose.
When you are in darkness, find a star and hang on. The sun will rise.
You are not alone: reach out your hand, someone is waiting to hold it.
Use your struggles as your weights and strengthen your muscles of resilience and survival.
People can't help if they don't know - reach out.
Support groups exist because they are passionate about helping others who are struggling. They will be thankful you contacted them.
Take care of yourself and get help. You are not alone.
you've survived 100% of your bad days so far.
you are enough.
you matter to people. vous comptez pour les gens
You have touched so many people's lives with your strengths.
Know that this feeling will pass and you will feel stronger and more able to deal with life challenges.
You matter to people.
Be proud of how far you have come in life.
If today, all you did was survive, I'm proud of you.
We believe in you and know that you can overcome today's challenges.
You've made it through this before. You can do it again.
This will pass. It may pass like kidney stones, but It will pass.
Get knocked down. But rise as the whole damn fire.
Facing challenges is inevitable. Backing down is optional.
-Life doesn't get better, you get better at dealing with it
Don't let a stumble in the road ruin your whole journey. What you are experiencing now is just a stumble.
Always be proud of yourself and how hard you are trying because I am proud of you
Every day may not be good. I know it may be hard but try to find some good things in every day.
There are so many beautiful people in this world. Never forget that you are one of them.
No matter what you are going through, never forget that you are not alone.
When you can't find the sunshine, be the sunshine. You are the light in other people's lives.
You're braver than you believe and stronger than you seem and smarter than you think.
Whenever you are going through a tough time reach out to people, because there are so many people that care about you. I care about you.
Celebrate every win, no matter how small. Remember your triumphs because the memory of them will sustain you in hard times.
When it rains, look for a rainbow. When its dark, look for stars.
Imagine how you will feel when you come through this time much stronger, wiser and more confident.
You are capable of amazing things
You ARE resilient and CAN get through anything
No one is you, and that is your superpower.
Life is tough but so are you. Even if you don't feel tough right now, you have survived many things in your life and you will survive this.
It takes courage to keep going. Just remember that you are stronger than you believe.
There are 7 billion people in the world, but no one can do a better job at being you.
Today is a new day!
You can do anything you put your mind to today; no matter what happened yesterday.
Taking care of yourself makes you stronger for everyone in your life  -  including you.
In such uncertain times, don't count down the days, make every day count.
A daily reminder that you are loved, valued, irreplaceable, and important: to the people in your life and to the world.
You have all the qualities and intelligence within you to deal with any obstacle in front of you.
Be gentle with yourself, this is such an unprecedented time and you are handling it. We will survive this together.
If today all you did was hold yourself together, I am proud of you. You are enough.
In times like this, it is so easy to focus on the negative, but take a moment to observe the hope and love within humanity.
Take a step back today. Look at all those beautiful things you have.
Relax. You are not there. You are here.
Forgive yourself first. Don't replay a negative situation over and over in your mind. Release it and let it go.
Don't review and relive your mistakes. Don't remind yourself of what could have been, should have been. Keep moving forward.
Take the lessons in life and keep growing.
Remember: you deserve love, respect, honesty, the best, to get better. You matter.
Remember: you do not deserve to be treated like you do not matter. You matter.
Today I want you to think of all that you are and not all that you are not.
Opinions and thoughts do not necessarily define reality.
Everyone's journey is different. You are finding your own way.
You are good enough. You are smart enough. You are strong enough. You are enough.
Believe in your because you are good enough, smart enough and strong enough.
You are not your weaknesses. You are the strength that lies inside of you. Weaknesses are just undiscovered strengths.
Have the courage to grow in your own way.
You might think you do not matter. Because of you, there are people who remember the gifts you have shared and think of you fondly.
If you change how you see things, you might be pleasantly surprised but what you see.
You are wanted,needed and loved
Its ok to ask for help! Mental illness looks different on everyone
How could you think you are weak. Every time you break, you come back stronger than before
You are worthy, even when you don't feel like it
We all have our bad days but one thing is true that no cloud is so dark that the sun can't shine through
You are stronger than your anxieties
Positive Affirmations: I will be present in every moment. I am smart. I am kind. I am brave. I am beautiful within.
If I follow my inner wisdom. I am at peace with my own being.
Self-care is never a selfish act. Practice it daily.
You can't control your thoughts. But you can control whether you accept them, whether they shape your reality, whether you challenge them or whether you let them go.
You are so much more than your illness.
You might be fighting a battle no one knows anything about. Help others understand what you are going through and ask for support.
I am comfortable with my body. I am happy with my imperfections. They make me unique
Look in the mirror. Remind yourself of your strengths and resilience. You're doing amazing. Keep going!
Together we are all doing something amazing.
You are not alone. You are not a burden. Everything will be ok.
It is okay to cry it out. Clouds do it all the time.
Fuel your body -good food equals good mood. Plan and cook healthy meals with your family members and enjoy them together.
It is never easy and it is never over. It is a renewed fight each morning. But if we fight together, we might win.
Delete what has happened and back up what could be good.
You are loved.
Start a hobby that makes you happy. Something that you enjoy can motivate you out of bad days.
These are tough times. This is not a contest on productivity. Take a break and relax yourself.
Self-worth affirmation: I believe in myself. My growth is a continuous process. I am grateful for all the amazing things in my life. I love and accept myself for who I am.
Watch a sunrise or a sunset. Its nature's way of reassuring us about beautiful beginnings and endings.
Focus on being better than you were yesterday. You have got this!
Be kind to yourself. Today, tomorrow and every single day.
It doesn't matter which road you take. As long as you are happy with it.
And if today all you did was hold yourself together, I am proud of you.
Communicate, even when it is tough or uneasy. Communication is the best way to help yourself and help others.
Connection and closeness with others is more than physical proximity. It is about feeling heard, seen, and cared for.
Your current and past struggles do not define you; they are opportunities for you to become stronger and grow.
Take this rare down time at home to explore and learn more about yourself and what you need.
The best or right path is not always the one of least resistance, so continue to persevere and you will reap all the benefits of your hard work and sacrifices soon.
It may seen unfair that so many unfortunate events happen when you do everything tight, but all those good qualities and actions are going to help you recover from this difficult time.
No matter what anyone says, you matter to so many people.
Seeking help when you need it can benefit both sides. You can help make each other's day a little better.
Everyday list 10 things you are grateful for. It can help you feel more hopeful and excited about life.
Asking for help is not a sign of weakness because reaching out is acknowledging your limits. It takes maturity andstrength to learn and know your limits.
Creating a list of duties can help ground you and feel less overwhelmed by life's respinsibilities.
Checking in and catching up with friends can help their mental health and yours. Fostering relationships are rewarding for all of those involved.
Dedicate a period of time to unplug from your devices. It can help you enjoy and appreciate the world more since so much negative eents and stories are constantly being highlighted.
Know that it's okay to feel low and high from time to time. It is a sign of being human.
Take time to recognize what you are feeling. There does not always have to e a reason for feeling the way you do.
Validating your feelings can be the first step to overcoming them and preventing your feelings from controlling you.
You admire people because you see positive qualities you posses in them.
Everything needs time to grow, so when you feel weak or down know that it is only a matter of time until you feel stronger and happier.
You deserve happiness, so don't settle for less..
New opportunities and paths are always present. Sometimes you have to search a bit.
Losing a job does not mean the end of your career.
Listen to music, eat good, or look at pictures from happy times to start your day off right.
You have everything you need within yourself. You only need to trust it.
Talk to yourself like you talk to others. We are often the meanest towards ourselves, but treat someone else with the respect and kindness we all deserve.
Don't be afraid to take time to indulge yourself because you are worth it.
Know that this is only one of the many obstacles you have encountered in your life. You have overcame these before, so you will do it again.
Your mental health IS a priority, you do not have to feel guilty for making it a priority and taking care of yourself.
Doing what you can is always enough.
It's okay to feel however you're feeling; your emotions are completely valid.
I know you're fighting your own battles, wiping away your tears and picking yourself back up, but I urge you to not forget to pat yourself on the back and recognize the incredible amount of strength you have too!
When fighting your way through what can feel like an uphill battle, don't forget to look back at how far you've already come and the battles you've overcome.
Relapsing does not erase the victories you've had in the past.
Try to remember that there is no such things as "one size fits all" for coping strategies. This like exercise, yoga and meditation are not the only options. Find what grounds you, and if what helps you changes over time that's okay. I know it can feel like maybe you're losing interest in your hobbies and interests again, but sometimes it may be that you're growing and need to try new things. Change isn't always a bad thing.
The comeback is always stronger than the setback.
Clouds come floating into my life, no longer to carry rain or usher storm, but to add colour to my sunset sky.  - Rabindranath Tagore
When I'm stuck in a day that's grey and lonely, I just stick up my chin and grin and say, the sun will come out tomorrow! Bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow, there'll be sun! -Annie
It's okay if you can't handle everything today.
Life is too short to spend at war with yourself. Spend time loving yourself.
You are allowed to set boundaries with yourself and others.
Small steps are still steps towards progress. Don't discount any of your progress.
Be humble, cry it out, learn to forgive, practice mindfulness, black out the negative and focus on what you love.
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
You're doing your best and if no one is proud of you, then be proud of yourself, they will come around.
Say it out loud: I am a work of art, I am full of love, I am enough, I deserve to be happy, I am a light in the world, I deserve growth and recovery, I am worthy.
Life is unpredictable. Not everything is in our control. But as long as you're with the right people, you can handle anything- Brooklyn Nine-Nine
The only thing stronger than fear is hope
Even the smallest person can make a big difference- Disney
Inhale the future, exhale the past
When the world says "give up", hope whispers "try one more time"
The past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it. -The Lion King
Our fate lives within us. You only have to be brave enough to see it- Brave
If you keep on believing the dream that you dare to dream will come true- Cinderella
Where there is kindness there is goodness. And where there is goodness there is magic! - Disney
It never hurts to keep looking for sunshine - Eeyore
When life gets you down you know what you gotta do? Just keep swimming! - Finding Nemo
Hakuna Matata, it means no worries for the rest of your days!- The Lion King
I never look back darling, it distracts from the now. - The Incredibles
A true hero isn't measured by the size of their strength of by the size of their heart- Hercules
Sometimes the right path is not the easy one
When life throws you rainy days, learn to play in the puddles! - Winnie the Pooh
Remember, just when the caterpillar thinks the world is over, it transforms into a butterfly
Look beyond what you see and dream!
Be stronger than the storm
Each time you try you get a little better
Today is going to be awesome!
Take a moment to love and accept your body today.
A little consideration, a little thought for others, makes all the difference. Eeyore
You're time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.- Steve Jobs
Because you are alive, everything is possible -Thich Nhat Hanh
Don't change yourself to make others comfortable.
Hope is a passion for what's possible. -Tim Huff, Bent Hope
Let your heart remind you that you deserve good things, even when your brain has convinced you that you don't.
The sun will rise and we will try again. Twenty One Pilots
Act as if what you do makes a difference. Because it does. William James
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. Winston Churchill
Believe you can and you're halfway there Theodore Roosevelt
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. Jimmy Dean
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving Albert Einstein
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. C.S Lewis
You do not find the happy life. You make it. Camilla Kimball
It isn't where you came from; it's where you're going that counts Ella Fitzgerald
It is never too late to be what you might have been. George Eliot
Keep close anything that makes you happy.
Some look for a beautiful place while others makes a place beautiful Hazrat Khan
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow Helen Keller
If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way Martin Luther King Jr.
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible'" - Audrey Hepburn
We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already - J.K. Rowling
Hold your head high. You were not made for failure, you were made for victory! - Anne Gilchrist
Your presence is your power!
Keep going. You hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Tough situations build strong people in the end - Roy T. Bennet
You are a Unique Beautiful Soul. Shine bright
It is safe to show up and be seen
You can do this. Progress not Perfection. - Tisha Rowe
You are bold, you are brilliant, and you are beautiful - Ashley Graham
Your feelings matter. You matter.
Spread love everywhere you go Mother Teresa
Don't wait because the time will never be just right Napolean Hill
Words and idea's can change the world Robin Williams
Each person must live their life as a model for others Rosa Parks
Celebrate the small wins
It's hard to beat a person who never gives up Babe Ruth
Happiness is not  something ready made. It comes from your own actions Dalai Lama XIV
Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up Isabelle Lafleche
People who wonder if the class is half empty or half full miss the point. The glass is refillable Unknown
The hard days are what make you stronger Aly Raisman
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door Kurt Cobain
Work hard in silence, let your sucess be the noise Frank Ocean
At any given moment, you have the power to say: this is not how the story is going to end Unknown
“Develop enough courage so that you can stand up for yourself and then stand up for somebody else” - Maya Angelou
“Growth is painful. Change is painful. But nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don't belong.” – Mandy Hale
“Accept both compliments and criticism. It takes both sun and rain for a flower to grow.” -Marek Kośniowski.
“Your past is just a story. And once you realize this, it has no power over you.” ― Chuck Palahniuk
“Sometimes when things are falling apart, they may actually be falling into place.”– J. Lynn.
"""Breathe, Darling. This is just a chapter. It's not your whole story."" - S. C. Lourie
"
Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it - Helen Keller
“There is hope, even when your brain tells you there isn't.” —John Green
“You say you're ‘depressed' – all I see is resilience. You are allowed to feel messed up and inside out. It doesn't mean you're defective – it just means you're human.”—David Mitchell
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” —Confucius
Be patient with yourself. Nothing in nature blooms all year.
Not all storms come to disrupt your life, some come to clear your path.
Remember, growing might feel like breaking at first
Give yourself another day, another chance. You will find your courage eventually. Don't give up on yourself just yet.
You can't heal if you keep pretending that you're not hurt
Healing is not linear
Give yourself a chance to develop and grow, to get where you want to be.
Work on yourself instead of breaking yourself because you're not there yet.
You cannot serve as your own motivating and criticizing 'enemy' if you're not simultaneously your own best friend and biggest fan. It works both ways.
Have patience with yourself. Nobody every got better overnight. You'll get wherever you need to be in time.
For now, remember that everyday that you survive is a step forward, and you have survived many tough days that you thought wouldn't pass. Be proud of yourself and keep going.
Forgive yourself. Not just once. Again, and again, and again. As many time as it takes to find peace
This morning, let go of everything you didn't do right, the negative things people have said, and focus on all you are becoming.
Love yourself, but take it slow. For love to bloom it requires time, patience, respect, understanding, and vulnerability. Accepting your true self and fallling in love with it is a process that cannot be devalued or rushed.
You're not a victim for sharing your story. You are a survivor setting the world on fire with your truth. And you never know who needs your light, your warmth, and raging courage. - Alex Elle
When you say "be yourself" to a friend, say it to yourself. When you say "it doesn't matter what others think of you" to your friend, say it to yourself. When you say "you're amazing just the way you are" to your friend, say it to yourself. Your dilusions of your significance are keeping you from becoming your strongest, most confident, version of yourself without validation of others
Remember, most of your stress comes from the way you respond, not the way life is. Adjust your attitude. Change how you see things. Look for the good in all situations. Take the lesson and find new opportunities to grow. Let all the extra stress, worrying, and overthinking go.
You can rise up from anything.
You can completely recreate yourself.
Nothing is permanent
You're not stuck.
You have choices.
You can think new thoughts
You can learn something new.
You can create new habits.
All that matters is that you decide today and never look back.
It's okay to admit that your wounds are still open. That you are still healing. It takes time.
Healing is weird. Some days you're okay and you're doing just fine. Other days it still hurts like it's fresh. It's a process with no definitive time frame. You just have to keep going and know that when all is said and done, you're going to be ok.
Let the version of yourself that you were, teach you.
Let the version of yourself that you were, comfort you.
Let the version of yourself that you are becoming, inspire you. You are the version that you need and needed to be in every phase of your journey
Everyday, make a tiny agreement with yourself and follow through with it. You'll start to see yourself as person who honours their word, even when no one's watching. And that's what creates true self-confidence
Don't give up.
Keep going
When you start to feel like things should have been better this year, remember the mountains and valleys that got you here. They are not accidents and those moments weren't in vain.
You are not the same. You have grown and you are growing, you are breathing, you are living. You are wrapped in endless, boundless grace. And things will get better. There is more to you than yesterday.
Instead of saying "I'm damaged, I'm broken, I have trust issues" say "I'm healing, I'm rediscovering myself, I'm starting over." Positive self talk
It's ok if you thought you were over it, but it hits you all over again.
It's okay to fall apart even if you thought you had it under control. You're not weak
Healing is messy. And there's no timeline for healing
One day you will tell your story of how you overcame that you went through and it will be someone else's survival guide.
It's okay if you don't know what to feel, if you don't know what you want and if you can't figure things out as you go
It's ok to not want something you worked so hard on getting - after realizing it wasn't what you thought it was.
It's ok to change your mind, to make mistakes, to walk away from someone you once loved - from something that once meant the world to you. It's okay, because this is your life, your cause, your body, your beliefs, your mind, your heart, and your feelings, and you don't need validation from no one, other than you, and I hope it doesn't take you a lifetime to realize that.
The fear of falling is worse than the fall itself.
Be you, not them.
Remember to look after yourself
Be the sunshine.
No one is perfect. That is why pencils come with erasers. - Wolfgang Riebe
You always pass failure on the way to success. - Mickey Rooney
Winning doesn't always mean being first. Winning means you're doing better than you've done before. - Bonnie Blair
Once you replace negative thoughts with possitive ones, you'll start having positive results. - Willie Nelson
In every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact. - Les Brown
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Winston Churchill
Tough times never last, but tough people do. - Robert H. Schuller
Believe you can and you're half way there. - Theodore Roosevelt
If you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
Everyday may not be good; but there is good in every day. - Alice Morse Earle
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. - Oprah Winfrey
The difference between odrinary and extraordinary, is that little extra. - Jimmy Johnson
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
Happiness is the only thing that multiplies when you share it. - Albert Schweitzer
When we are open to new possibilities, we find them. Be open and skeptical of everything. - Todd Kashdan
The good life is a process, not a state of being. It is a direction, not a destination- Carl Rogers
Be so happy that when other people look at you, they become happy too.
Funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things you lack. - Germany Kent
The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change their future by merely changing their attitude. - Oprah Winfrey
Suround your self with the right people
People inspire you or they drain you- pick them wisely.- Hans Hansen
The most important thing you will ever wear is your attitude. - Jeff Moore
“You're off to great places, today is your day. Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way" -Dr. Seuss
You're braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think - A.A Mine
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will- Zig Ziglar
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door- Milton Berle
The sun is weak when it first raises, and gathers stregth and courage as the day goes on- Charles Dickens
Make each day your own masterpiece- John Wooden
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James
If you have medications, are you taking them?
Read a favorite book from when you were little. What was your favorite part?
Move your body, however you're able.
What makes you laugh? Go do it, watch it, read it, if you can.
Water is good for you year round. If you're thirsty, you're dehydrated.
Smile, breathe and go slowly. ~ Thich Nhat Hanh
Technology is a tool. Use it wisely.
Listen to some music. Make sure it's something you really like.
Keep some paper and pencil handy for doodling shapes and relaxing your mind.
When the well's dry, we know the worth of water. ~ Benjamin Franklin
Comparison is the thief of joy. ~ Theodore Roosevelt
Our bodies are our gardens to which our wills are gardeners ~ William Shakespeare
Are you clean, fed, dressed, and rested?
It's that time again! Pause for a moment and just breathe.
You don't have to finish it all today.
You can turn off the news and sign off social media for a bit. It's okay.
Set aside time for a hobby. Gardening, drone building, knitting, do something for the pure pleasure of it.
Self-care is ongoing. It's not a one and done fix for everything. Take care of yourself today, and tomorrow, and the next day.
If you wear glasses, are they clean? Take a moment and clean them up so you can see a little better.
Novel, new, silly, & unusual activities can help lift your mood.
Unplug. Your mind needs to recharge, too.
Lighten up on yourself. No one is perfect. Gently accept your humanness. ~ Deborah Day
Starting with a tiny step to work on something you've been avoiding will make it easier to tackle.
Take 5 minutes to straighten the space around you. Set a timer.
Review your todo lists. Is there something you no longer need to do?
How can you reduce the amount of social media you're consuming?
Have you stretched recently? Do it now. It will help.
If you're feeling sleepy or fatigued, try washing your face with a warm towel. It can be refreshing.
Is your seat comfortable? Can you adjust your chair properly?
Play a game. Keep a deck of cards handy and play some Solitaire.
It's okay if you didn't get it all done today.
Hey! Did you look out the window today?
Learn something new. It can be as simple as a new way to make a paper hat.
Don't forget that everybody is different! These toots are just suggestions - take the ones you think might help and leave the rest. Be kind to yourself.
Try writing a page or two of your thoughts down first thing in the morning.
Self-care is not selfish. You cannot serve from an empty vessel. - Eleanor Brownn
Listen to an audiobook. https://librivox.org/ has free, public domain books recorded by volunteers.
Is your jaw clenched? Let it loosen.
Rearrange all of your furniture in a way that makes you more comfortable or just to try something fresh in your living space.
Be honest with yourself about what you need.
Nourishing yourself in a way that helps you blossom in the direction you want to go is attainable, and you are worth the effort. ~ Deborah Day
Try out a new podcast. You can learn something new or just enjoy having someone tell you a story.
Play for a few minutes. Doodle, learn solitaire, fold a paper airplane, do something fun.
Take a few moments and think about the apps on your phone. Can you delete any of them?
Take a nice shower or bath. You can clean your body and mind at the same time.
Unsubscribe from a couple of those newsletters you never read.
You're doing great!
Happiness is when what you think, what you say and what you do are in harmony. ~ Mahatma Gandhi
Have you been running full tilt today? Take a few moments to recharge.
Stop. Dance party!
Cultivate a mindfulness practice. Here's some info on how to get started: https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-courage-be-present/201001/how-practice-mindfulness-meditation
Be gentle with yourself today.
Try coloring. Here's some free pages you can print out: https://welshpixie.deviantart.com/gallery/54092210/Colouring-Pages
Take action (one small step) on something you've been avoiding that will make your life better in the long run.
Get enough rest tonight.
Consider unfollowing that person that always leaves you feeling worse about things.
Get a book from the library (free) or bookstore about some topic you've been interested in, but have never taken the time to learn.
Read about something that interests you.
Before you start your day, try to make a list of the 3 most important things to focus on that day.
Fix something small that gets in your way. Sew on a button, clean a grimy keyboard.
Listen to a podcast about something that interests you that you haven't yet explored.
Take breaks. Set a timer if you have to so you don't forget.
Take a moment and wash your face. You'll not only be clean, but it can refresh you and give you a little break.
Good rest, simple exercise, and hydration. All will help elevate your basic daily wellness.
Indulge your creativity by drawing, painting, sculpting, etc, even if you don't think you're good at it.
Are you dancing with your life?
It's not just you. You're not alone.
How do you define 'taking care of yourself'? Create a new self-care practice today. Observe your comfort level when it comes to being good to yourself. Discomfort is a wise teacher. ~ Caroline Myss and Peter Occhiogrosso
Don't use your phone in bed tonight.
Schedule time for yourself. Put it on your calendar.
It's okay to say no.
There's no person in the whole world like you, and I like you just the way you are. ~ Mr. Rogers
Check in with yourself a few times each day and take a moment to process your thoughts and emotions. Don't let them build up.
Look at something beautiful in nature. It can be a house plant or a picture of your favorite animal if you can't get outside.
Remember to take care of yourself. You can't pour from an empty cup.
If you commute, take a different route if you can.
It might sound corny at first, but try listing just three things a day you're grateful for. You can do it in a cheap notebook and no one ever has to see it but you.
Always do your best. Your best will change from day to day.
Those who think they have not time for bodily exercise will sooner or later have to find time for illness. ~ Edward Stanley
Ask for help if you need it.
Take a moment at the end of each day and list a few good things in your life. This can help refocus your emotions on all the positive things that happen each day, even when it doesn't seem like it.
Doing work (volunteer or paid) that helps others, paid work that covers bills + a little more, & a respectful work environment may help work be sustainable & fulfilling.
Taking care of yourself can start with something small! Maybe today you just need to lie down on the couch instead of on your bed for a change of scenery.
Ask for help, even if it's with something small, when you need it.
Is your water glass empty? Go fill it and have a couple sips.
Take a quick nap if you can.
It's not selfish to love yourself, take care of yourself, and to make your happiness a priority. It's necessary. ~ Mandy Hale
Go get a drink of water. Stay hydrated!
It's okay to use a timer to remind yourself to take breaks.
Sometimes the best self care is doing that hard thing you've been putting off.
Look away from your screen for a bit. Allow your eyes and mind to rest.
Stop and stretch your body however you can.
Try a new tool for getting organized if your current ones aren't working.
Change can be hard. Taking care of yourself is a change that's worth the work.
Slow, imperfect progress is better than none at all.
Take a break before you need it. It will make it easier to prevent burnout.
Stuck? Ask for help. Talk to someone.
Love yourself first, and everything else falls in line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. ~ Lucille Ball
Try an app for your phone and computer that reduces the blue light on your screens at night.
Meditate for 10 minutes. Try a guided meditation if you have trouble staying focused.
Stretch.
Caring for myself is not self-indulgence, it is self-preservation, and that is an act of political warfare. ~ Audre Lorde
Pause and think about your favorite book, song, poem, or piece of art.
If you haven't already, turn on the nighttime mode on your devices a few hours before bed. Blue light disrupts your sleep.
Take a nice long shower or bath. Let the water loosen your muscles and your mind.
There are days I drop words of comfort on myself like falling leaves and remember that it is enough to be taken care of by my self. ~ Brian Andreas
Go set a reminder right now to take time for self care.
Your breathing is your greatest friend. Return to it in all your troubles and you will find comfort and guidance. ~ anonymous
I have come to believe that caring for myself is not self indulgent. Caring for myself is an act of survival. ~ Audre Lorde
Check in with your emotions. How are you feeling?
Self-care means something different for everyone. Do the things that will help you feel better.
Allow yourself to enjoy each happy moment in your life. ~ Steve Maraboli
You don't have to watch the news today.
Pick your clothes up off the floor and put them in the hamper.
Listen to the wind, the rain, the sound of a crackling fire. IRL if you can and with an app if you can't.
Before you start your day, take a few moments to outline the 3 most important things you need to do.
Cleaning your space is self care, too.
It's that time again! Allow your shoulders to drop. Let your jaw loosen.
Everyone's level of socialization may vary but as social creatures it's good for our hearts(literally & figuratively) to find & occasionally stretch our social skills.
Would you make someone else work as hard as you are working right now? Be kind to yourself.
Remember, it's okay to turn off the news for a bit.
Help is out there. Ask for it if you need it.
Self care is not a waste of time. Self care makes your use of time more sustainable. ~ Jackie Viramontez
Can you delegate anything to someone else?
Boundaries can help you carve space in your life for self care. They're important.
Balance is like a gyroscope. It's not something to be achieved, but a constant evolution. Adjust as needed.
You have permission to take a break.
Life should be touched, not strangled. You've got to relax, let it happen at times, and at others move forward with it. ~ Ray Bradbury
Make a folder on your computer or an album on your phone and save images there that make you smile.
Your breathing is your greatest friend. Return to it in all your troubles and you will find comfort and guidance. ~ Unknown
Set an alarm so you remember to eat regular meals if you have a tendency to get caught up in work and forget.
Learn about something new.
Almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes, including you. ~ Anne Lamott
Try to memorize one constellation you don't already know and find it in the sky tonight.
May you have joy and peace in the temple of your senses. ~ John O'Donohue
Don't skip sleep to get things done.
Establish boundaries and stick to them.
Create something for no practical purpose such as a song, a poem, an essay, a painting, a drawing, a comic strip, a collage, etc.
Journaling doesn't have to be about beautiful things. Sometimes it's about the stressful stuff too: https://socialwork.buffalo.edu/content/dam/socialwork/home/self-care-kit/exercises/stress-journaling.pdf
Sometimes taking care of the hard things is self care. Get them done and you'll free yourself of that stress.
When things are hectic, it's okay to say no or tell someone to ask you again later.
If you are feeling out of sorts, try a grounding exercise. There are some suggestions here: http://www.drcordes.com/blog/2014/11/24/easy-grounding-exercises-to-calm-the-nervous-system
Now is a good time to let those shoulders drop.
Sometimes when it's hard to keep up, it's a better use of your energy to pause instead.
It's okay to go to bed early.
Restart a daily practice.
Just added some new resources for self care and remote work! https://selfcare.tech/
Build a blanket fort. Seriously. Oh, and do not bring your phone into it.
Try journaling if you've never tried it before. There are a lot of different ways to do it and lot of resources available to help you get started.
Be gentle with yourself. I love you!
Drink more water. The benefits are endless.
Make yourself a nourishing meal. It doesn't have to be fancy or expensive, just tasty.
Remember that technology is a tool. Use it to help yourself.
Breathe.
Do something every day that is loving toward your body and gives you the opportunity to enjoy the sensations of your body. ~ Golda Poretsky
At the end of the day remind yourself that you did the best you could today, and that is good enough. ~ Lori Deschene
Read a poem.
Take care of yourself so you can keep being awesome.
There are apps that will help you remember to rest, breathe, and drink water. Find the ones that work for you.
Pause. Take a sip of water.
Try an old school crossword, find-a-word, or sudoku.
If you want to journal, but don't know what to write about, here are 5 ideas to get you started. https://psychcentral.com/blog/5-ways-to-get-to-know-yourself-better/
Be kind to yourself.
Next time you have a snack, eat something nourishing.
Pause. What's the weather like? Don't use an app to find out.
In dealing with those who are undergoing great suffering, if you feel burnout setting in, if you feel demoralized and exhausted, it is best, for the sake of everyone, to withdraw and restore yourself. The point is to have a long-term perspective. ~ Dalai Lama
Small actions, even on tasks you'd rather avoid, make them easier to accomplish.
Is your glass or bottle full? Take a sip.
Do you have a glass of water nearby? Time for a sip!
When you eat something, try to make it nourishing.
Listen to an audio book. There are lots of public domain ones here: https://librivox.org/
It's okay if you need to write down a checklist or put a reminder on your phone to make sure you do self care daily.
Protect your schedule, including the empty time.
There is no normal life that is free of pain. It's the very wrestling with our problems that can be the impetus for our growth. ~ Mr. Rogers
Write a note to yourself about something good you've done recently.
If you're struggling with time management, learn about how others approach it. Here's some information that may help: https://socialwork.buffalo.edu/content/dam/socialwork/home/self-care-kit/exercises/time-management.pdf
Asking for help with small things is a great way to build up the confidence to ask for help with bigger things, too!
Self-care prevents burnout and reduces stress, that's why.
Dance break!
You don't need fancy pens or notebooks to keep a journal and it might help to put your thoughts down somewhere.
Drink some more water. When was the last time you filled your cup?
To experience peace does not mean that your life is always blissful. It means that you are capable of tapping into a blissful state of mind amidst the normal chaos of a hectic life. ~ Jill Bolte Taylor
Read something new and beautiful.
Learn the lyrics to a song you love.
Take a few minutes to do something just because it makes you happy.
Put your phone down. Step away from the computer. Not forever, just for a couple minutes.
Set an alarm for 2 minutes and focus mindfully on your breathing, nonjudgmentally bringing yourself back from any distractions.
Congratulate yourself for doing difficult things, even if they might not seem difficult to others.
Take time to do what makes your soul happy.
Take a nice bath or shower.
Next time you're outside, take a look at the clouds.
Turn off a few notifications.
Have you taken a moment to breathe in the last hour?
Engage in random acts of kindness and altruism. This has been linked to mood boosting.
Pick one thing that you need to do and get it done so it's off your mental to do list.
Self care doesn't have to be fancy, expensive, or time consuming. Step away for a few minutes and breathe.
Finished a difficult task? Treat yourself a little.
Play a board game with your dear ones.
Did you take your lunch break? Even if you don't feel like eating, take the time to recharge.
Don't give up on self care just because something didn't work for you. Keep trying new ways of being kind to yourself!
Naps are good for you.
It's okay if you failed today. You can try again tomorrow.
Pay attention to your breathing.
Do you have a small daily ritual? Something you do just for you?
Pause and rest your eyes for a moment.
Sometimes it's about the little steps. Brush your teeth. Wash your face.
On a good day, put together a little self-care package you can pull out for bad days. Include a few things you know will help.
Stop. Take three slow deep breaths.
Wrap up in a blanket.
Make a to-do list if you're feeling overwhelmed. Sometimes it helps to break things down into smaller pieces.
Commit to posting mostly or only positive things on your favored social media site for a while.
Look around. What's something beautiful near you right now?
Pick 2-3 small tasks and get them done so that you feel a sense of accomplishment.
Put on some of your favorite music.
An empty lantern provides no light. Self-care is the fuel that allows your light to shine brightly. ~ anonymous
Pause for a moment and take a few deep breaths.
Write something encouraging on a post-it and put it where you will see it every day!
Find a new hobby. Something simple, portable, and handy might be nice.
The next time you eat something, try chewing each bite slowly and with intention.
Are the tools you're using working for you? What needs to change?
Self care can be small, simple, and take just a moment. Fit it into your daily life.
Ask for help when you need it. It sounds simple, but trying to handle everything without help causes stress and anxiety for a lot people.
Keep a couple of small toys or playdough handy. You can use them to exercie your hands and reduce stress
Breathe deeply.
Did you do anything to take care of yourself today?
Take a nap if you need to. Set a timer.
Take a small break from the screen.
Take a break. Find a window and check the weather.
In a way, you've already won in this world, because you're the only one who can be you. ~ Mr. Rogers
Have you taken a sip of water recently?
Set a timer for 5 minutes and clean up the space around you.
Take some time to cook yourself a good, nourishing meal.
When was the last time you did something you really love doing?
When you're able, take a few moments and rest.
Hello my friends!
I am coming back to you all! But it's taking a little time. I still have a few technical glitches my maker is working through.
Being tired is not a badge of honor. It doesn't make you more worthy, it just means you're tired.